docs(mnq): requirements section update (#2841)
scaleway/docs-content: serverless/messaging/how-to/create-manage-subscriptions.mdx

This page shows how to create and manage SNS [subscriptions](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#subscription) with Scaleway Messaging and Queuing. When you create a subscription to a [topic](/serverless/messaging/concepts/#topic), you are effectively signing up an endpoint to receive all messages published to that topic.

> ## Requirements

Author: ```suggestion
<Macro id="requirements" />
```

- A Scaleway account logged into the [console](https://console.scaleway.com)
- [Owner](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#owner) status or [IAM permissions](/identity-and-access-management/iam/concepts/#permission) allowing you to perform actions in the intended Organization

> - A [topic](/serverless/messaging/how-to/create-manage-topics/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- An existing [topic](/serverless/messaging/how-to/create-manage-topics/)
```
